Adds video, fixes structure to iOS project setup page (#10699)
flutter/website: src/_includes/docs/add-to-app/ios-project/limits-common-deps.md

Flutter can't handle [common dependencies with xcframeworks][common].
If both the host app and the Flutter module's plugin define the
same pod dependency and you integrate Flutter module using this option,
errors result.

> These errors include issues like Multiple commands produce
> 'CommonDependency.framework'.

Reviewer: Consider wrapping this in a code block:

```suggestion
These errors include issues like `Multiple commands produce
'CommonDependency.framework'`.
```

To work around this issue, link every plugin source in its `podspec` file
from the Flutter module to the host app's `Podfile`.

> Do this instead of using the plugins' `xcframework` files that the

Reviewer: FYI, the `Foo.xcframework` is actually a directory. For all intents and purposes you can act like it's a file, but I would avoid language like "`xcframework` files".

> Do this instead of using the plugins' `xcframework` files that the
> [`flutter build ios-framework` command produces][ios-framework].
> 
> This issue contributed to the introduction of the
> `--no-plugins` flag for the `flutter build ios-framework` command.

Reviewer: If I switched to this tab, we haven't introduced `flutter build ios-framework` yet. I'll need to read this entire section before this workaround makes sense to me. Perhaps we should say something like:

```suggestion
In the instructions below, add the `--no-plugins` flag when using the `flutter build ios-framework` command to skip producing `.xcframework`s for plugins.
```
